---
layout: post
title: "Double-Edged Dream"
post.date: 19-12-31
post.time: 14:08
---

I awoke later than I should have. But it's been like that for a while now, hasn't it? It didn't take long for me to get out of bed and make myself breakfast this time. It was shaping up to be a half-normal day, but then I remembered a dream.  
We were on a field trip, somewhere further away from home than we'd ever been together. I can't quite remember what order it all happened in, but I think it may have been the continuation of a dream I had a few days ago. In it, I was in a foreign place looking for a new pair of skates, completely oblivious to the tasks we had been assigned to do. It may have been an echo of how I missed so many important things because I convinced myself that I would be better off not doing them.  
This time, I guess I was in a group with you and ████. I remember arriving at a cafe of some sort, late as usual. I think I was a bit confused because everyone had already chosen their groups before I got there, and I was trying to decide what to do. It's happened lots of times before in reality, but I usually just resort to working on my own. However, in this dream, ████ turned around from his chair and signalled for me to sit down at his table. Of course, you were there. It was just the three of us, too. Isn't it funny how my mind chose him as the link to get us talking again? But that didn't really happen.  
We set off. We tried to find a place, and had gotten slightly lost. Being the explorer that I am, I took the lead in getting us on the right track. I hoped that would at least give some reason to reconnect with you. After all, we would be walking around together for a whole day. But I remember you walking slightly slower than me to let ████ fall behind, so you two could talk between yourselves. And I was just a few paces ahead, and could hear everything, but I wasn't part of the conversation. I was excluded like always.  
Were you really like that? I don't remember. I hope you weren't, but I was so much in love with you, it was hard to realise what was really going on. I wanted to believe it was just the way you are.  
This time, I wanted to talk to you again, ignore our history, and pretend we barely knew each other. But I felt so hurt by your efforts to avoid me, even though so much time had passed.  
At the end of the dream, ████ and I both said something to you. To him, you gave an affectionate and friendly reaction. To me, you were silent and acted as if I weren't there. Truly, my insecurities are showing. I always feared you were much closer with ████ than with me. He was never a threat, I learned that very early in our friendship, but I envied how much he talked to you about intimate things. The amount that he knew and would share with me in the form of vague advice, only giving me a glimpse of how much I *wasn't* your friend.  
Apparently, that wasn't the case. ████ and ██████ both tell me you're equally cold towards them, and to others as well. But I don't believe that. I know there's a way to reach you, to find the warm heart you hide inside. I know there is a kind-hearted, sensitive person in there. I just wish I could have gotten the chance to see her.