---
layout: post
title: "Conflict"
post.date: 20-03-13
post.time: 23:01
---

**CONFLICT**  
It started a good day. The sleepiness didn't survive to the afternoon, and I stayed on track. Even went on a walk. I would have preferred to go alone, but they tagged along. It was nice, though.  
And then I saw something. A small thing. I stumbled upon it by accident. I wish I hadn't. I feel betrayed. By someone who I thought was my good friend. How could he be so careless? So inconsiderate, once again, of my feelings and my history with you? It's hard enough hearing them say your name. I have to suffocate a small part of myself every time I need to mention the season of the year, and I never say it on its own. Because the resemblance, as irrelevant as it is, makes me almost puke in sheer anxiety.  
It had to be you again. You just can't stay out of my life, can you? You come to my house, to my unit, and now to a place that was supposed to be secret and sacred. Safe. Nowhere is safe. And he let this happen. <span style="color:red">Why do you always get involved? Why can't you just leave me alone? Get out of my head! *GET OUT!*</span>  
How am I supposed to feel about something like this? How could I possibly not feel vulnerable and hurt? And it had to be you. Not anyone else. Not any of the many 'friends' they have that I hardly know. Not ███, or █████, or ███. It had to be you. How could he do this? How could he allow this to happen? He must know. It must have been a conscious decision. Otherwise he would have fixed it already. And you acknowledged your involvement in this today. I saw it happen right before my eyes. One minute, you were oblivious, and the next, you became part of it.  
Everything I've done to keep you out, all of my efforts, all the times I've put on my best face despite wanting to die... It's all in vain. I'm still fragile. Still trying to put my pieces back together, slowly. And instead they treat me like they're the victims, and I'm the strong one. <span style="color:red">THEY CAN FUCK OFF! THEY'RE NOT ALONE, THEY NEVER WERE.</span>  
██████ always throws a tantrum when she doesn't get what she wants. Always her music, always her schedule, always making me cater to her whims. <span style="color:red">Just because she's been in a fucking mental hospital, and she gets sad when nobody pays her attention. Even though attention is all she fucking gets. How the fuck would she be able to survive without him? So dependent. So childish. And she acts better than me, as if being desperate for compliments and yet completely ignoring them is any less pitiful than being unable to move on from a break-up that didn't happen.</span>  
And then there's him. ████. Still as pretentious as in the beginning. Nothing's fucking changed. Still carries himself like he's the lord of chaos, and everyone is supposed to fear him. <span style="color:red">Does he think he's the only one with voices in his head? Just because I didn't make a fucking logo for them doesn't mean they don't take control of me as well. DO YOU KNOW WHAT IT'S LIKE TO WANT TO CLAW YOUR WAY INSIDE YOUR OWN CHEST? TO FEEL A BURNING DESIRE FOR BURNING FLESH? TO MAKE YOUR EYES RUN RED? TO RUN INTO TRAFFIC AND ALMOST GET HIT? TO FILL YOUR SINK WITH BLOOD? TO FEEL THAT DISGUSTING VOID INSIDE OF YOU, DEVOURING YOUR SOUL, GROWING AND GROWING EVERY TIME YOU TRY TO SCREAM? KILL ME KILL ME KILL ME KILL ME KILL ME KILL ME KILL ME KILL ME KILL ME KILL ME KILL ME KILL ME KILL ME KILL ME KILL ME KILL ME KILL ME KILL ME KILL ME KILL ME KILL ME KILL ME KILL ME KILL ME KILL ME KILL ME KILL ME KILL ME KILL ME KILL ME KILL ME KILL ME KILL ME KILL ME KILL ME KILL ME KILL ME KILL ME KILL ME KILL ME KILL ME KILL ME KILL ME KILL ME KILL ME KILL ME KILL ME KILL ME KILL ME KILL ME KILL ME KILL ME KILL ME KILL ME KILL ME KILL ME KILL ME KILL ME KILL ME KILL ME KILL ME KILL ME KILL ME KILL M</span>
