---
layout: post
title: "Question"
post.date: 20-03-05
post.time: 14:03
---

**QUESTION**  
I see you there, across the room. So close and so far. I could go over and talk to you, and surely we'd strike up some kind of conversation, be it stiff and mutually distant, but a conversation still. But I can't do that.  
I keep looking to the side, as I write this, thinking about what you're thinking about. Trying to understand. Trying to memorise your face so that I never forget its beauty. I'm afraid that you'll catch sight of me staring, and I'll be forced to look away. I don't ever want to look away.  
I'm going on a trip soon. I know you did something similar. One might say this would be the perfect opportunity to ask you about it and get back in touch. I would pretend that I overheard from someone else, and thought I should ask you. Just to <span style="color:red">**hear another word come from your pouty pink lips**</span>. I'd try my hardest to act like everything's normal, forgetting all the pain that I've suffered because of you, just to <span style="color:red">**see your furrowed little nose and your blissful eyes squinting**</span>. I wish it was possible. No, that's wrong. I wish I wasn't afraid of what would happen if I failed.  
What should I do? What must I do to have a chance of trying again? Even if it's the wrong choice. Even if that's all I realise at the end, that you're not the one for me, at least I'd be sure. I'd know. I wouldn't be left in this tormenting silence for my putrid thoughts to fester and grow to illness.  
I'm obsessed with the truth, because I'm afraid of the unknown, because I'm afraid of failure, because I'm afraid of ending up alone. I spark adrenaline when I sense dishonesty in people. I become furious, unrelenting, ignorant of personal boundaries and morality. All I care about is finding the truth. Knowing. Even if it hurts me. At least I'll have controlled the pain. It will have been commanded by myself, to do what it must.  
Should I ask you?
